KOGITO-3558 - Audit ui security paragraph (#3071)
kiegroup/kie-docs: doc-content/kogito-docs/src/main/asciidoc/dmn/chap-kogito-using-dmn-models.adoc

ifdef::parent-context[:context: {parent-context}]
ifndef::parent-context[:!context:]

[id="proc-audit-console-security_{context}"]
=== Enabling {PRODUCT} Audit Console security with OpenID Connect

[role="_abstract"]

> For Quarkus-based {PRODUCT} services, you can use the https://quarkus.io/guides/security-openid-connect[Quarkus OpenID Connect adapter] with the {PRODUCT} Audit Console to enable the console to interact with the {PRODUCT} Data Index Service using bearer token authorization. These tokens are issued by OpenID Connect and OAuth 2.0 compliant authorization servers such as https://www.keycloak.org/about.html[Keycloak].

Author: ```suggestion
For Quarkus-based {PRODUCT} services, you can use the https://quarkus.io/guides/security-openid-connect[Quarkus OpenID Connect adapter] with the {PRODUCT} Audit Console to enable the console to interact with the {PRODUCT} Trusty Service using bearer token authorization. These tokens are issued by OpenID Connect and OAuth 2.0 compliant authorization servers such as https://www.keycloak.org/about.html[Keycloak].
```

Reviewer: Done
